Granny and Grandpa's Attic
Peppa and George are playing at
Granny and Grandpa's
house today.
Hello, Grandpa Pig!
Baba lg!
Hello, Peppa. Hello, George.
Bye bye, see you later.
See you later.
Where's Granny Pig?
Hello, my Little ones.
That is Granny Pig's voice,
but where is she?
Granny Pig?
Here I am.
Granny Pig!
Gangy lg!
Why is Granny in the roof?
We're tidying the attic.
What's the attic?
It's where we keep
all ourold things.
Like you, Grandpa Pig?
Things that are
even olderthan me.
Can we help?
Ok!
Granny and Grandpa's attic
is at the very top of the house.
That's the door to the attic.
How do we get up there?
I have a clevertrick.
Hello, my Little ones.
It's Granny!
Come on up!
Oooh!
This is our attic.
Wow, it's very full!
Yes, it's full of old junk.
Peppa and George are here to
help us throw some things out.
Good.
Let's start by
throwing out this box.
Oh! Not that box!
Do we really need this?
That's my ship in a bottle.
And this?
That's my othership
in a bottle.
And these?
They're my
otherships in bottles.
I need them all.
Well,
we have to throw something out.
How about this box.
No! Not my hats!
Oh dear, we can't decide
what to throw out.
I know!
We'll let Peppa
and George decide.
Ok!
Let's throw away this old case.
Ah! Not that one!
This isn't just any old case.
It's a record player.
Oooooh.
And this was
ourfavourite record.
Can we play it?
Yes!
We haven't heard it for years.
This takes me back.
Come on, Peppa and George,
let's dance!
Mummy Pig is here to pick up
Peppa and George.
Hello? Where are you?
Mummy Pig can't find anyone.
What's that noise?
Mummy!
Hello!
We've been dancing to
Granny and Grandpa's
favorite record!
Yes.
Granny and Grandpa
played it all the time!
Oh!
And here's the record
I used to play,
when I was a Little piggy.
What is it?
It's called
'Birdie Birdie Woof Woof'.
Not "Birdie Birdie Woof Woof!".
You were always playing that!
I thought we'd thrown
that out ages ago.
The birds go woof!
And the dogs go tweet!
Woof tweet!
Woof! Woof! Woof!
The sheeps go moo!
And the cows go baa!
Moo Baa! Moo tweet!
Woof! Woof! Woof!
Again again!
The birds go woof!
And the dogs go tweet!
Woof tweet!
Woof! Woof! Woof!
The sheeps go moo!
And the cows go baa!
Moo Baa! Moo tweet!
Woof! Woof! Woof!
That was fun.
But we were supposed to be
finding some things
to throw out!
Peppa, what hould we throw out
and what should we keep?
Hmmm, I think you should
keep everything!